Board Design Review
From last time unfixed:
- 0805_RESISTOR.pac
	- Silkscreen goes over P$1 and P$2 when it should not.
- RED_LED.pac
	- Silkscreen goes over P$1 and P$2
- MOSFET.pac
	- Silkscreen crosses pins
	- P$1 and P$2 have different X coordinates
- IMU.pac
	- Silkscreen crosses pins

Schematic
- You have text in the nets layer, may want to move to Docu but idk if it matters
- The filter cap on the input of the voltage regulator should be connected to BAT_GND (Swanson)
- Your motor drivers should be connected to BAT_GND, not GND


BOARD
Antenna and Antenna Driver
	Do all the traces for the antenna driver reside in layer 1? yes
	Is the trace between the balun and the antenna extra-thick? yes
	Are the other two capacitors close to the balun? yes
	Is the trace between the balun and the antenna short (no longer than the corresponding trace on the red board)? yes
	Is there a ground pour in layer Top surrounding the antenna driver components? yes
	Is there a ground pour in layer 2 surround the antenna driver?yes
	Are there vias connecting the two pours and roughly surrounding the antenna driver? are they connected to GND? yes
	Is one of the antenna's pads surrounded by the pours?yes
	Is there ample space around the antenna that is free of metal on all four layers?yes
	Does the layout roughly match the layout on the red board?yes
	Are there any traces routed through the antenna driver area that are not related to the driver? no

Power and Ground
	Does the VBAT power plane reach under all four motor drivers?yes
	Is the VBAT power plane wider than 0.5mm everywhere?yes
	Does the 3V power plane run under microcontroller and near the IMU's power pins?yes

	Does the combination of the BAT_GND and GND ground plane extend to almost every area of the board (with the exception of the area round the antenna)?

	Are the VBAT and 3V power pours both in the same metal layer (probably layer 2)? y
	Are there any parts of the power our ground pours that are very narrow?  They should be no "necks" narrower than 0.5mm. no

     <<<< Note: Why??
	Does the VBAT power plane extend to the battery connector? n

	Is the IMU at the center of the board?y
	Are the capacitors specified in the IMU datasheet located as close as is practical to the IMU?y
	Is the IMU oriented so that the X and Y axes are aligned with the pitch and roll axis of the quadcopter?y
	Are there any traces under the IMU?  Is there anything other than ground plane under the IMU?n
Headers
	Are the two FTDI headers oriented so the silkscreen is labels for the pins are on the board and the pins will protrude off the board?y

Microcontroller
	Is the layout of resonator and the associated caps similar to the layout of those parts on the red board?y
	Do all the traces for the resonator and its associated caps lie in layer Top?y
	Are the decoupling caps for the microcontroller located as close as possible to power pins of the microcontroller?y

Power Supply
	Are the caps associated with the voltage regulator located near the regulator?y
	Is the voltage regulator located near the battery connector?y
	Does the 3V power plane run underneath the voltage regulator?y

Motor Drivers
	Are the traces that carry large currents thick enough?y
    

Aesthetics
	Does does the layout look nice?y
	Are nearby parts aligned?y

    << Silkscreen names cross over each other.
	Are the reference designators arranged so they don't overlap eachother or pads?n

Mechanical
	Given the location of the motors, will the props clear the board (except for the arms)?y
	Is the "cup" for the motors the right diameter?y
	Are there any large internal holes in the board?n
	Is the board roughly symmetrical?y

Checks
	Does DRC check pass without errors? lol no, 1056 errors
		For some of the clearance errors, may have to move the wires by hand
		For keepout errors, some don't matter as long as components don't overlap
		Lots of airwires

	If DRC doesn't pass with no errors, does the team have good explanations for why the errors are ok?
	Does DFM check pass with no show stoppers?

	Does Eagle Lint pass?

Gerber Files
	Are areas around the antenna clear in the gerber files?
	Are the power planes where you expect them to be in the gerber files?
	Are there any traces that cross in an unexpected way in the gerber files?
	Are there any elements that should be in the silkscreen that show up in metal layers?
	Are there any elements that should be in the metal layers but that show up on the silkscreen?
	Does the board outline match what was draw in the brd file? 
	Does FreeDFM pass?
